hey what's up fellas how we do so I want
to talk today a little bit about hard
nineties and running you know running
hard down the line and running your best
time all the time you know I think
especially for for you young guys that
are listening guys that are you know
looking to impress coaches whether tie
school coaches or college coaches and if
you're our college player look making
you know impressions on professional
Scouts one thing that does not go
unnoticed it's when runners run hard
down the line and it also doesn't go
unnoticed when when runners don't run
hard and you know I'll play an example
here of a major league hitter just
hitting the routine ground ball one hop
right to the second baseman and running
as hard as he possibly can down the line
he's not a lot of the gun back again not
a speed guy either I think this might be
Michael Cuddyer but I got one hop and
and look at how hard he's going right
there and he's out by a decent amount
but he's running a hard night and he's
known as a player that plays the game
the right way it plays hard and when
you're it's gonna do a couple things for
one not even looking at you know coaches
or scouts looking at you just from the
perspective of helping your team win
when you run hard when you when a team
knows that the opposing team is going to
run hard it makes them rush on defense
and so they're not able to take their
time they're not able to sit back on
balls they might have to try and feel if
might have to try to step up and and
pick a hot but maybe they don't want
because they have to go quicker
outfielders on base hits might rush to
pick up the ball and throw it in they
might bobble it they might throw the
ball away so it isn't just something
that you should do because you want
scouts & and other codes to take notice
it's something that you should do
because going to help you win ballgames
and again it'll go down as an error so
you won't get a hit out of it but it
helps your team win and get you another
base runner
and it speeds up that clock of the
defense and makes them rush and then the
second part again is just you know when
when i'm looking at younger players one
Ellen's looking at younger players as
far as college coaches looking high
school players or pro scouts looking at
college players or high school players
it tells a lot about a player that's
going to bust his butt down the line and
run his best beat all the time and you
don't have to worry about a guy taking
plays off you know you hear that a lot
in the NFL when they're scouting play
though this guy takes plays off if he
doesn't play hard all the time it's same
kind of thing in baseball d you don't
want to pick and choose when I should
run hard when I should have run hard you
want to run your best speed every single
time whether it's a ground balls at the
second baseman or double off the wall
and if you do that you're going to help
your team win more damned and you're
going to impress people that are that
are there to watch you and it's just
it's just the way the game should be
played it's hard all out you're only
going to have an opportunity to run the
bases you know four or five times a game
and so why not go as hard as you can
every single time run your best beach so
that's all I got for you guys today
hopefully you take it and implement them
into your games you have any questions
let me know again thanks for watching
share the video like the channel or
subscribe in the channel i should say
like the video share with all your
friends all that good stuff and we'll
talk to you later